--> Trace 1: Wii Shop Channel (Official)

Tracks network connections with real Nintendo servers. 
The Wii Shop Channel is the only active service that Nintendo provides for the Wii despite all other online services shutting years ago, albeit with limited functionality.

Mainly tracks access to Nintendo's servers and the download of an application for the Wii (dubbed as 'The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword Save Data Update Channel').
Shows how official means took security a bit more seriously while also prioritizing stability and availability (Barely any retransmissions and protocol changes)
Used TLSv1 and SSLv2, which was seemingly absent in most of Wiimmfi's transmissions, showing how it wasn't aging hardware but lacking software that was the issue in Wiimmfi's server connections.
Due to a higher level of security, despite multiple tries, I could not access any personal information and data regarding the Wii, servers or software being downloaded from any of the traces.

For self digging about the software being downloaded as shown in the traces, look at frame 2075 and beyond


--> Trace 2: Wii Menu + Super Smash Brothers Brawl

Tracks the network connections of the vWii (virtual Wii) with the Wiimmfi servers
Tested on the Wii Menu and Super Smash Bros. Brawl (Wii). 
This was the only Wifi enabled game I had for the Wii (no Mariokart at the moment sadly), so only one game test could be conducted for this section of the research.

Shows how the Wii isn't able to connect to some official servers anymore based on frames 23 to 30
You can see Wiimmfi servers being accessed by the console from as early as frame 60, which was exactly when Smash Bros. was loaded into the console.
This shows that the console prepared itself for online capabilities to ensure a smoothr connection. This was confirmed when it successfully connected to Wiimmfi servers even before I accessed the online capabilities.
There is an instant switch in message protocols as the official messages aren't being used anymore. A shift can be seen from TLSv1 to HTTP in many cases post frame 60.
At the end, after several failed attempts to connect with users online (most likely due to a diminishing user base and not network issues), I quit the game.
After quitting the game, Wiimmfi's unprotected messages saw a few timeouts and the Wii went back to using official protols to communicate, as seen in the frames 635 and beyond

